I will.
Let's go to this problem and.
I've already taken the input, which is I already pasted the input here and initialized we have taken
the and as an input then I have discussed electric crossing but we know it will be at cross entry because
and are the houses that we have.
And I have taken this at a as an input.
So firstly I feel the first two because that's how will take the input and the secondary then the hydro
pool.
So for all the colours, for all the houses, now I have deep tree crossing.
And in these related infinity base cases, b00 is nothing but a cost of 008.
That means for the zero column eight, all of the values for all the colors will be same for the first
tops.
Well, these are the base cases that of your.
And now let's get rid from the second column.
I generally take D four to be a column eight.
So I just start G from one and G will go to basically JS iterating over all the houses and I will now
be iterating over all the colors because I generally use it as a row variable full.
So in this case, what we'll have is.
Okay.
So before me, before, you know, let's initialize DPA, DPA, DPA.
It will be nothing but.
So they know we don't have any idea.
So what I can do is I can simply say that DP zero d is equal to.
IPRs.
One day.
That means I'm filling all those in the same column.
I I'm filling some max value in this same column.
If it does, it is nothing but intermix because you know, we have to take a minimum of all of them
in the end.
Right.
And now what I can do is that I can simply say, let's run a for a loop again, because this is what
we did.
I read that is there that should not be equal to J.
I can say is I can run another for loop for three and I can call it a-8.
So it's got it dash.
And this will go for all the other three colors again.
And what will happen in this.
I simply say if I is not equal to debt, then only what you do is for the paid.
There is nothing more than minimum of our DP.
I dash.
J minus one.
That is the previous rule and the eight identical grade.
Plus the current cost.
What is the current course?
It is cost 80.
I hope this is very clear.
What I am doing, I not equal to Irish because both of them should not be equal.
Because both of them are.
Because then it's pointless.
They.
So now we can see the vote of the minority.
This is not rigorous, really.
Also, guys, you could have done it in the other format as well.
For example, you can you can say is a deep zero.
There is nothing more than minimum of deep zero.
The minus one goal might be zero.
So the B one and to the minus one.
Right.
So.
And here I is, zero eight.
So although he would have done it in this way for all three.
This is for the zero color.
But all the three colors, you could have just changed it.
Right?
So both of them works.
And in that case, what I'll do is I'll simply remove this or loop as well in our bodies for loops.
I can remove them.
So let me write it below.
Cool.
Here?
Yeah.
So this could have also worked, and the above could have also worked.
So this would have also worked because the complexity is not much.
It will be nothing but three grocery rate and three groceries.
Not not huge.
It is just night outlets coming out.
And in this case, what you could have done is for deep one, you can take zero and you can take two
and cost of one.
And similarly, for two costs of 2G, everyone is correct.
And here you can dig deep zero two minus eight four zero and taking two and one with the zero cost and
so on.
I hope this is very clear to all of you.
Both of them books.
Are you going to recommend this or this?
They will have the same answer.
And finally, what I can do is I can simply sit out.
Minimum of the last three values, which is the.
Zero.
They minus one ISO and minus eight comma DP one and minus one on might be two and minus.
Right.
These are the the last values that means for the last house, whatever painting they can use.
And give me the best ones or.
They can build just a ticket.
Yeah.
And then his answer there.
This is two plus five mystery.
What if I was it?
Accumulated five year and 14 or whatever.
Then I think the answer should be two plus 11 plus three.
211 and three.
Yeah.
216.
So, see, in the next part, guys, and I hope you like this.